# About

coming soon

# Tags

The main tags are `stable` and `latest`.

The `stable` tag is pinned to a specific Coturn version that has been confirmed to work reliably with my Docker image. The `latest` tag, on the other hand, is automatically generated and always contains the newest Coturn version. This may result in a broken Docker image, as this process does not check for potential breaking changes in Coturn combined with my Docker image implementation.

# Get started

## Docker networks

It is possible to run a TURN server with bridged networking. You can find the required ports and ranges [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/coturn/coturn).  
Since Docker performs poorly with large port ranges, using the host network is recommended. This is already implemented in the examples below.

## Running from command-line

Since all environment variables are optional, you can simply run the latest image with this command:

`docker run -d --network=host buanet/coturn:stable`

## Running with docker-compose

coming soon

## Configuration

You can use the following environment variables to configure your container:

* `LISTENING_IP_ADDRESS` (optional, default: [listens on all]) Set the listening IP address.
* `EXTERNAL_IP_ADDRESS` (optional, default: [autodetection]) Set the external IP address.
* `TURN_PORT` (optional, default: 3478) Set the port.
* `TURN_USERNAME` (optional, default: stunturn) Set the username.
* `TURN_PASSWORD` (optional, default: [autogenerated]) Set the password.
* `DEBUG` (optional, default: false) Set to true to enable debug logging.